Node js version clarification (#315)
CleverCloud/documentation: content/doc/applications/javascript/nodejs.md

### Set Node.js version

> You can use the `engines.node` field in `package.json` to define the wanted version, if not provided we will use the latest LTS version available on our platform.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the `engines.node` field in `package.json` to define the wanted version, if not provided we will use the latest LTS version available on Clever Cloud.
```
